Guest officer, how many years have these three oceans proved?
Now the water is monopolized by the Li family
And the eldest young master of the Li family, the head of the county residents
How many people can't buy water now?
This glass of water
Three oceans
What if I deliver food?
Isn't that
Uh, no, you have to change your thinking
Anyone?
If you go to sell water
Xiao Er, can you bring me another glass of water?
Xiao He went to find a few buckets to fetch water
What are you going to sell on the street with me?
I don't know how many years this well has been dry
Where is the water?
Wow
This crystal is full
Heck, all this fuss
Get to work
Yes yes yes I will go now
Please exchange my daughter for a bucket of water
She looks good.
Barely change the way
Hey
See the four oceans?
Why did the price increase again?
There's justice to that.
No money, no money, get out of here
Let me go, second young master
Second young master, please
Let Xiaoping go
His father is sick and needs his care
His father took a bucket of water from me
He has to take care of me at night
Why should I let him go?
Or do you want to take him with you?
Come on, sir